docs(Modal): add storybook MDX example (#6804)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/Modal/Modal.mdx

import { Story, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import Modal from '../Modal';

# Modal

> 

Reviewer: Can we generate a Table of Contents here, as well as add in the external link section? 

```suggestion
[Source code](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/tree/master/packages/react/src/components/Modal)
&nbsp;|&nbsp;
[Usage guidelines](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/modal/usage)
&nbsp;|&nbsp;
[Accessibility](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/modal/accessibility)

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Component API](#component-api)
- [References](#references)
- [Feedback](#feedback)
```

Author: how is this being generated? doctoc or something?

Reviewer: Yeah I used `doctoc` but you can just copy and paste a general Table of Contents 👍

## Overview

`<Modal>` allows you to use its bespoke set of contents. `children` prop maps to
the modal body content. You can also use `modalLabel`, `modalHeading`,
`secondaryButtonText` and `primaryButtonText` props to change the corresponding
text.

<Preview>
  <Story id="modal--with-state-manager" />
</Preview>

## Component API

<Props />

## Opening/closing modal

For both modal variants, you can open/close the modal by changing the `open`
prop. For example, you can implement a launcher button with a React state and a
`<Button>` that changes the state:

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

function ModalStateManager() {
  const [open, setOpen] = useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      {typeof document === 'undefined'
        ? null
        : ReactDOM.createPortal(
            <ComposedModal open={open} onClose={() => setOpen(false)}>
              ...
            </ComposedModal>,
            document.body
          )}
      <Button kind="primary" onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>
        Open modal
      </Button>
    </>
  );
}
```

You can create an abstract version of such state manager, as shown below.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

const ModalStateManager = ({
  renderLauncher: LauncherContent,
  children: ModalContent,
}) => {
  const [open, setOpen] = useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      {!ModalContent || typeof document === 'undefined'
        ? null
        : ReactDOM.createPortal(
            <ModalContent open={open} setOpen={setOpen} />,
            document.body
          )}
      {LauncherContent && <LauncherContent open={open} setOpen={setOpen} />}
    </>
  );
};
```

`<ModalWrapper>` is a modal state manager implementation which ships out of the
box with Carbon.

> <InlineNotification kind="warning">

Reviewer: We need to either add
`import { InlineNotification } from '../Notification';` to the top of the `mdx` file or we can just use a quite block to reinforce emphasis. Notification is not rendering as-is for me.

```mdx
> `<Modal>` / `<ComposedModal>` has to be put at the top level in a React tree.
> The easiest way to ensure that is using React portal as shown in above
> example.
```

Author: added import to the mdx file

  <code>{`<Modal>`}</code>/<code>{`<ComposedModal>`}</code> has to be put at the
  top level in a React tree. The easiest way to ensure that is using React
  portal as shown in above example.
</InlineNotification>

## Modal sizes

There are four responsive

> [modal sizes](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/modal/usage/#modal-sizes):

Reviewer: I just put up a PR to [add usage links](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/pull/6852) to the top of each component. Can we add this usage link to the top as well?

Author: yep this was added in https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/pull/6804/commits/fce81affc636ce32acd6b0c013e64d7f1ca7319c

`xs`, `small`, default, and `large`. You can set it via the `size` prop.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<ComposedModal size="lg">
  <ModalHeader />
  <ModalBody>
    <p className="bx--modal-content__text">
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse
      cursus fermentum risus, sit amet fringilla nunc pellentesque quis. Duis
      quis odio ultrices, cursus lacus ac, posuere felis. Donec dignissim libero
      in augue mattis, a molestie metus vestibulum. Aliquam placerat felis
      ultrices lorem condimentum, nec ullamcorper felis porttitor.
    </p>
  </ModalBody>
</ComposedModal>
```

> #### Alignment

Reviewer: Can we switch these to `###` headings?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alignment
```

> Depending on the modal size of your choice and the viewport size,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the size prop of your modal and the viewport,
```

`<Modal>`/`<ComposedModal>` adds 20% padding at the right of the modal body
content. Carbon design specifies that such 20% padding shouldn't be applied to
form elements. You can set `hasForm` prop to `<Modal>`/`<ModalBody>` to remove
the padding, and use `bx--modal-content__regular-content` class to apply the 20%
padding to non-form contents, as shown below.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<ComposedModal>
  <ModalHeader />
  <ModalBody hasForm>
    <TextInput data-modal-primary-focus labelText="Enter something" />
    <p className="bx--modal-content__text bx--modal-content__regular-content">
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse
      cursus fermentum risus, sit amet fringilla nunc pellentesque quis. Duis
      quis odio ultrices, cursus lacus ac, posuere felis. Donec dignissim libero
      in augue mattis, a molestie metus vestibulum. Aliquam placerat felis
      ultrices lorem condimentum, nec ullamcorper felis porttitor.
    </p>
  </ModalBody>
</ComposedModal>
```

> #### Overflow content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Overflow content
```

> In cases where the largest modal size cannot fit your modal body content in,
> Carbon design specifies to have a "visual fade" look at the end of the modal
> body area to indicate there is additional content out of view. You can set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where even the largest modal size does not fit all of the modal content,
Carbon design specifies having a "visual fade" at the end of the modal
body area to indicate there is additional content out of view. You can set
```

`hasScrollingContent` prop to `<Modal>`/`<ModalBody>` to do that, as shown
below.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

  <ModalBody hasScrollingContent>
    <p className=".bx--modal-content__text">Some very large contents...</p>
  </ModalBody>
</ComposedModal>
```

## Modal button variants

With `<Modal>`, you have limited control over the set of buttons. The following
table shows the supported patterns.

| Button group variant                                                                                 | Usage                                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| No button ([passive modal](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/modal/usage#passive-modal)) | Use `passiveModal` prop in `<Modal>`      |
| One button                                                                                           | Use `<ComposedModal>`                     |
| Two buttons                                                                                          | Use `<Modal>` without `passiveModal` prop |
| Two buttons with danger button                                                                       | Use `danger` prop in `<Modal>`            |

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

| Two buttons                                                                                          | Use `primaryButtonText` and `secondaryButtonText` in `<ModalFooter>`                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| Three buttons                                                                                        | Put three buttons as children of `<ModalFooter>`, instead of using `primaryButtonText` or `secondaryButtonText`. Using this option requires style adjustment defined in application-level CSS for `<ModalFooter>`, e.g. `.bx--modal-footer { padding: 25%; }`. |
| Two buttons with danger button                                                                       | Set `danger` prop in `<ModalFooter>` (like below)                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<ComposedModal>
  ...
  <ModalFooter danger primaryButtonText="OK" secondaryButtonText="Cancel" />
</ComposedModal>
```

> <InlineNotification kind="warning">

Reviewer: Same as above, need to import the notification component or use markdown quotes to reinforce emphasis.

Author: added import to resolve the issue above as well

  As the instruction for the three buttons implies, <code>{`<ModalFooter>`}</code>
  is flexible on the buttons as you render <code>{`<Button>`}</code> s by yourself,
  as shown below. In this case, the application code needs to take care of running
  actions upon clicking those buttons, e.g. closing the modal:
</InlineNotification>

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<ComposedModal>
  ...
  <ModalFooter>
    <Button
      kind="secondary"
      onClick={() => { (Run some action...) setOpen(false); }}>
      Another button
    </Buttton>
    <Button
      kind="secondary"
      onClick={() => { (Run some action...) setOpen(false); }}>
      Secondary button
    </Buttton>
    <Button
      kind="primary"
      onClick={() => { (Run some action...) setOpen(false); }}>
      Priamry button
    </Buttton>
  </ModalFooter>
</ComposedModal>
```

## Using modal title as message

For short, direct messages the title can include the whole message to add visual
clarity to an otherwise repetitive title and body message.

To use this pattern with `<Modal>`, you can omit the `children` prop.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

> const modalHeadding =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const modalHeading =
```

  'Are you sure you want to add the "Speech to Text" service ' +
  'to the node-test app?';
...
<Modal
  modalHeading={modalHeading}
  secondaryButtonText="Cancel"
  primaryButtonText="Add"
/>
```

To use this pattern with `<ComposedModal>`, you can omit `<ModalBody>`.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<ComposedModal>

>   <ModalHeader label="Modla label">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <ModalHeader label="Model label">
```

    <h1>
      Are you sure you want to add the "Speech to Text" service to the node-test
      app?
    </h1>
  </ModalHeader>
  <ModalFooter primaryButtonText="OK" secondaryButtonText="Cancel" />
</ComposedModal>
```

## Focus management

For both modal variants, once the modal is open, keyboard focus will be

> restricted inside modal. This means:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
restricted inside the modal. This means:
```

- If you press `Tab` at the last keyboard-focusable element in modal, the first
  keyboard-focusable element in modal will get focus.
- If you press `Shift-Tab` at the first keyboard-focusable element in the modal,
  the last keyboard-focusable element in the modal will get focus.

> We take extra step here to ensure such behavior works with floating menus, given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We take an extra step here to ensure such behavior works with floating menus, given
```

floating menu is placed outside of modal in DOM. If you use any non-Carbon
floating menus in your application, set
`selectorsFloatingMenus={['.bx--overflow-menu-options', '.bx--tooltip', '.flatpickr-calendar', '.your-floating-menu-foo', '.your-floating-menu-bar']}`
to `<Modal>`/`<ComposedModal>`.

Also for both modal variants, you can set the DOM element that gets focus when
the modal gets open, by either of the following ways:

#### Setting `data-modal-primary-focus` attribute to the target element

<br />

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<ComposedModal>
  <ModalBody hasForm>
    <TextInput data-modal-primary-focus labelText="Enter something" />
  </ModalBody>
</ComposedModal>
```

#### Specifying a query selector to the target element

<br />

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

{
  /* `.bx--text-input` selects the `<input>` in `<TextInput>` */
}
<ComposedModal selectorPrimaryFocus=".bx--text-input">
  <ModalBody hasForm>
    <TextInput labelText="Enter something" />
  </ModalBody>
</ComposedModal>;
```

## References

Check out the
[usage guidelines](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/components/modal/usage/)
on the Carbon Design System website.

## Feedback

> Help us improve this component by providing feedback through, asking questions

Reviewer: Github is repeated twice here

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

> **Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

Reviewer: Can we just rearrange this to be consistent with the other docs? 

![Screen Shot 2020-09-25 at 10 27 54 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11928039/94297736-d9b4ee00-ff19-11ea-9ee2-786c486f3522.png)

`<Button>` that changes the state:

```jsx
function ModalStateManager() {
  const [open, setOpen] = useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      {typeof document === 'undefined'
        ? null
        : ReactDOM.createPortal(
            <ComposedModal open={open} onClose={() => setOpen(false)}>
              ...
            </ComposedModal>,
            document.body
          )}
      <Button kind="primary" onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>
        Open modal
      </Button>
    </>
  );
}
```

You can create an abstract version of such state manager, as shown below.

```jsx
const ModalStateManager = ({
  renderLauncher: LauncherContent,
  children: ModalContent,
}) => {
  const [open, setOpen] = useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      {!ModalContent || typeof document === 'undefined'
        ? null
        : ReactDOM.createPortal(
            <ModalContent open={open} setOpen={setOpen} />,
            document.body
          )}
      {LauncherContent && <LauncherContent open={open} setOpen={setOpen} />}
    </>
  );
};
```

`<ModalWrapper>` is a modal state manager implementation which ships out of the
box with Carbon.

> <InlineNotification kind="warning">

Reviewer: Can we perhaps have the `title` say something like `Warning`?

![Screen Shot 2020-09-25 at 10 28 53 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11928039/94297808-f51ff900-ff19-11ea-842f-a19d81b90809.png)

| Three buttons                                                                                        | Put three buttons as children of `<ModalFooter>`, instead of using `primaryButtonText` or `secondaryButtonText`. Using this option requires style adjustment defined in application-level CSS for `<ModalFooter>`, e.g. `.bx--modal-footer { padding: 25%; }`. |
| Two buttons with danger button                                                                       | Set `danger` prop in `<ModalFooter>` (like below)                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

```jsx
<ComposedModal>
  ...
  <ModalFooter danger primaryButtonText="OK" secondaryButtonText="Cancel" />
</ComposedModal>
```

> <InlineNotification kind="warning">

Reviewer: Same as above ^
